1. Jill: Hi, Jim. There is a nuclear release and we need to plan evacuation
nuclear release, evacuation

2. DAVE: Where is the release site? 

3. Jill: It is the one near Harrisburg

4. DAVE: [Show the map near Harrisburg with the potential release sites nearby]

5. Jill: I think it should be this one [pointing to one of the candidates on the map]

6. DAVE: This is the three mile island nuclear station. [update the map to the immediate surrounding of the site]

7. Jim: OK, Jill. What is the population within the two mile EPZ zone around the plant?

8. DAVE: There are 2,000 people in this area. [update the map to show the 2-mile EPZ]

9. Jim: Thank you, DAVE. What about five mile EPZ zone?

10. DAVE: There are 5,000 people in this area. [update the map to show the 5-mile EPZ]
 
11. Jill: Hi, Jim, we should also consider 10 mile EPZ zone.

12. DAVE: There are 10,000 people in this area. [update the map to show the 10-mile EPZ]

13. Jim: Jill, I think we should choose 5 mile EPZ zone.

14: DAVE: [highlight the 5-mile EPZ]

15. Jill: OK, Jim. We also need to consider the wind condition. 

16. DAVE: here is the plume model based on current wind condition. [update the map with plume model]

17. Jim: Yes, Jill. Let us add the plume model to the evacuation area.

18. DAVE: [update the map to show the evacuation area as a whole]

19. Jill: That sounds good, Jim. DAVE, can you order the evacuation within this area please?

20: DAVE: [Trigger the sirens and radio announcements] Evacuation order has been performed.

21: Jim: Hey, Jill, what do you think are the major evacuation routes?

22: Jill: I think they are I-23 and I-233, Jim.

23: DAVE: [Update the map with two routes highlighted with traffic info if possible]  

24: Jim: Thanks, Jill. I think evacuation is likely to be difficult here [pointing to an area on the map].

25: Jill: Yeah, I will go to this location to guide the evacuation process.

26: DAVE: [update the map with an icon showing Jill's intended location]

27: Jim: OK, Jill. I will go here then.

28: DAVE: [update the map with an icon showing Jim's intended location]

at the three mile island nuclear station
the, three mile island nuclear station

4. System: show the nearby candidates around Harrisburg

5. This is Jill. It should be this one. (with gesture)

6. System: zoom the map to the nuclear station. 
It is at the three mile island nuclear station.

4. This is Jim. Show me the two five and ten mile EPZ Zones around the plant
two, five, ten, mile, EPZ

5. This is Jill. It might be OK to evacuate people within five mile EPZ zone
five, mile, EPZ

6. This is Jim. I suggest we use ten mile EPZ zone for evacuation to stay on the safe side
ten, mile, EPZ 

7. This is Jill. OK. Let's use ten mile EPZ zone instead
ten, mile, EPZ

8. This is Jim. Let us add a plume model
a, plume model

9. System: What's the wind condition to be applied?

10. This is Jim. Use the current wind condition
the, current wind condition

11. This is Jill. Let us order evacuation of people within ten mile EPZ zone and the plume model
order evacuation

12. This is Jim. Evacuation is likely to be difficult here
evacuation difficulty

13. This is Jill. I will go to this site to guide the evacuation process
go to site

14. This is Jim. I will go here then
go to site